# Hemingway Tech Support

*In which machines demand understanding, and men seek solace in logic.*

---

The day was bright, but the air inside felt strangled and stale. I sat before
the machine, that strange and soulless thing, its screen filled with cryptic
symbols and cries for attention. It was stubborn today. Resistant. A bull
refusing the touch of a matador's cape.

I stared. It stared back—unyielding, silent, and deeply unrepentant. Damn the
thing. It sat. It always sat, buzzing crossly, like an old crone too tired to
complain, yet never silent enough to be unnoticed.

The keys were tough under my fingers, each press a small resistance, as though
it knew my true nature was away from wires and instruction manuals, out in open
air and fields of promise. Technical support. Tech. Support. Words too thin and
wiry like bad stories that broke kitschy if you poked them with sharp sticks.

But I had promises to keep with this machine. It had to work. For Santiago, for
Pilar. For them both, because they lived in worlds where it obeyed men and made
even the ordinary life a little sharp, a little rich. Only—today—it would not
obey me. Such was the nature of the beast, as indifferent as a cold sea at
dawn.

Its error messages were haunting, ghostly echoes of things half-forgotten. A
coldness crept inside me, the sort that a man feels when he sees a marlin rise
in shimmering blue from depths like dreams unwelcomed in the light of day. It
was a challenge, something to be conquered, though its worth was lodged not in
beauty nor in struggle, nor any honor, but because it was there, and it was
mine to face.

A light flickered, red like the burn of souls and the hush of dusk. The power.
It was always power. Murphy’s law. The law of men when they believed they were
beyond themselves. I checked each cord, each cable, like strands of spaghetti
all lacking in sauce. The dust settled gently, dancing almost in mockery of my
tender past with technical almsgiving.

Yet, in the sullen quiet of that deeper resolve, clarity arose. The readings
there, the settings here—one single line, buried in the belly of essential
prose, drew me in, made sense. I corrected it, a small, grave satisfaction
kindling within me. For in that moment, I was not alone. The machine
understood. I understood.

The screen blinked, and I blinked back. It purred alive, a cat forgiven for its
claw. Together we breathed—and the cables too—linked once more in harmony. The
sluggish fan clicked and hummed.

And so, the machine lived another day. Grace had been found not in the
sprawling chaos nor in bells and whistles, but deep in fatigue and folly, long
enough for one more shroud of dignity to wrap its battered shell in the
struggle to be better, for them both—for Santiago, for Pilar.

For now, at least, it was enough.
